what's the last thing you remember Danny
you said we had to run the reason you
survived it's because you're a very
uncommon girl you're not alone not
anymore
do you know what mutants are would
anyone like to she had their first time
brain I was 13 I thought it was a dream
I just lost control
so I started panicking people got hurt
Roberto my girlfriend had a partner
Ilyana I killed 18 men one by one
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
it's important we find out your collar
so we can help you get better
I suppose something
I don't think she wanted me to see
I don't think we're here to cut better
this place takes your greatest fear
it makes your lived through it until it
kills you he's there we can get out of
this together
[Music]
[Applause]
hey sweetie I'm sorry Ellie didn't work
out it your father and I can't wait to
have you home I'm pretty sure you once
said you were never coming back I'm not
back here I mean I'm obviously back here
I'm not back give me a stroke so for
four years you hated it things got
harder and harder and I got poorer and
poorer
you broke too no I just thought it'd be
really fun well back in with Darien
Janine mom real I'm sorry honey I
thought maybe something was wrong why
would you think that I just feel like I
would have my life figured out by now
I'm sorry are you pissing in the sink
uh no but last time don't bother the
customer he pissed in the safe I didn't
piss in this I saw even literally just
in it I want apple picking the other day
got myself an iPad good to see you again
you gotta be kidding me
are you currently sexually active they
think is an STD my arm it would be my
entire forearm in there okay sorry
yeah good to know what's going on I'm in
my 30s I don't really have a life that's
a Tuesday night and smoking dope with
your dermatologist sure I guess it is
Wow
let me guess your ex the one that got
away no the one I ran away from are you
high yeah well some it's him it is not
me make him come back 7:00 p.m. I'll be
there go and find yourself a real job
okay you telling jokes for pocket change
you're better than that
let me tell you something about life
everybody moves at their own speed
he's got what happened to us I got
scared and when I get scared I run away
lightning rarely strikes twice but if
you keep your eyes open it can strike
again does that even mean listen the
guys I like the best of the guys who are
real real guys are the ones that you
remember
can't believe my dermatologist drives
Snoop Dog's car she's a classic did I
get it right
dude dude gotcha
fun to be scared sometimes huh it's bad
it's just a dog
it's pretty violent I understand that
some of youth behaviors would be
upsetting but I urge you to find a place
where he feels safe I think it would be
good for him good for all of us oh my
goodness thinking ah I must be the very
nice
[Music]
and it's like he was broken before and
put back together who's this handsome
chap Brahms
how'd you come up with that he tells me
all sorts of things
okay I just think it's all a little bit
creepy
[Music]
is this your new friend Brahms what are
some of the things you talk about the
other families he's Lovelace gonna take
the doll away from him yes it's just a
wish but first something is happening to
him
you knew your boy would find him louia
mommy I love you
[Music]
[Applause]
what's your name qingxue they call me
cookie
my mother died when I was born and then
my father died my mother stopped moving
[Music]
it's a good thing stop that that's the
puzzle no way for poor man to stop you
have a cow horse cow in the territory
say in a place for cows there's no place
for a white man you know
present opportunity here
[Music]
good lord give me another i'll give you
sixteen gets for that last one dye test
london in this game
we have to take what we can when the
taking is good seems dangerous so is
anything worth doing
cow until she barely produces a thing
some people can't imagine being stolen
from its hope it's one of those
[Music]
we got a window here cookie history
isn't here yet
and it's coming but maybe it's time
again take it on our own terms
[Music]
can I help you
y-yes yes you can I'm here to report a
terrible crime and what terrible crime
is that this one nah I told this
all wrong quick history lesson this all
started when the Joker and I broke up
it was completely usual and soon enough
I was back on my feet ready to embrace
the fierce goddess within it's oh so now
that I cut ties with mr. J I'm about to
learn that a lot of people want me dead
all alone at the top of that list is
this guy
but it turns out I wasn't the only
daemon got them looking for emancipation
just robbed him
you betrayed him you killed his BFF what
you are so cool you're dumb enough to be
building a case against him so unless we
all wanna die
very unpleasant death we're gonna have
to work together sure
psychologically speaking vengeance
rarely brings the catharsis we hope for
yeah are we ready
oh is that hyena in a bottle named
and Braves after the hanky wine guy
symbolism went that a lot Don your
support looking like Eric easy I can
tell you're coming from a waterbed may I
suggest something
did you the work here I'm the owner
I met someone say I'm a honk Eskimos you
are you move it apart even those Conchas
scuzzy perfect its
appassionato gears summer also you six
you soon gran-gran amanti quiero que
tienes una he's like on me oh no no see
demos manana
[Music]
well bipolar nos agoraphobic hyper Lexus
with OCD GHD ADHD and cyclical
Tourette's it is remarkable that someone
has achieved this level of success with
lens channel hotel
[Music]
I forgot my meds Oh guys just at least
oh you're gonna start to feel click get
a lot of sleep
am i clear you're about to have a manic
episode
you know they know what it's been a
better day entonces huh
[Music]
sorry
yep Oh Grob Aharon poco la msica por
favor
[Music]
Dever Freeman investment above us
Wendy's old dad muffled shoes admit have
I don't even doing movie isn't even
typhoon in Africa this now
the exam room - Foofa I've made an
absolute resort a glance efforts in
documentary earth
quantity stasi sentence here didn't kind
of
you can't knock my window Benjamin
Martin Kaymer's shuffle spicy and famiy
about an angry chef smiled at me that
after the famine phillotson well you've
heard us better start if I don't of mine
to the cinema death the honest thing is
a passion every addition that makes me
back here
bust an Epiphone bothers me
laughs of a Modesto ha loser
get off me typical cycle
David acceptor so he crystal cause you
know it don't matter you can find on
faxing first please meet us thinking and
its path
[Music]
you
I always wanted to be a scientist I
remember crying all the way home you
needed to be good and then they just
said oh well you're a woman she ran into
the old boys network and I think it
destroyed her career
[Music]
I am dag I'm a university lecturer in
zoology and an expert on the giraffe
Tana leaves young ladies are claimed to
be and died it takes an explorer's heart
to go and study animals in Africa in the
1950s as a single woman this was a
different world then there wasn't
infrastructure the window mobile phones
there was nothing no one had ever really
studied an African animal in the wild
we're pretty well any animal in the wild
so I was sort of breaking ground without
realizing from the very first day I saw
giraffes incredible each day I'd write
down exactly what I did that day 9:15
when she got back jobs that she in some
ways may have been overqualified for she
was not going to be a professor I had to
get tenure it was a very critical and
judgmental process you're playing with
people's futures I was the little girl
that that woman was a hero for Anne's
book was the only book that you could
find it's just the Bible to giraffe
really you're working on giraffes
she was the pioneer she was essential
reading she felt that she was forgotten
and she founded the study of giraffe
biology he didn't know her what was
really important to mean that we
able to find her
wilmarie oh and please stand up I never
really thought about it that me being a
woman and they thought about all the
time
did you never let that stop you oh no
well i cuz I was thinking that was a
person
[Music]